Hey Fox, no
health insurance plan has been launched yet under 2026.
But within 2026, we have a
health insurance plan available for 2024.  Which
I can call a complete health insurance plan.
And
I am calling this plan a complete health insurance plan
because all the features are added in this plan.
Fundamentally, the insurance company
is very strong and
according to Insurance Observer data, the
least number of complaints have been received against this company.  And
I am talking about the Elevate plan of ICIC LBAR.
Today I am going to review the Elevate plan of ICICI LBR.   I'm going to do an
updated review.
After its launch in 2024, many updates also came in this plan.
What is the status of this plan as of today?  Let us know this.
But before starting the video,
if you have come to Insurance Seva for the first time
, then subscribe to Insurance Seva.
Press the bell icon
to get notifications for all the videos.
Also, if you want to purchase
any insurance policy through insurance service, then
you can also call us on the number given on the screen.
In today's date, if you go out to buy a health insurance
plan, the
first thing you check is the
fundamentals of the insurance company i.e. what is its condition.
So here if we talk about ICC LBA, then
its claim settlement ratio is 97%.   The
incurred claim ratio is 82.24%.
Solvency is 2.69%.  And let's talk about the complaints
that have come to the Insurance Formsman
till 2025.  A total of 841 complaints have been received against him.
Whereas if we talk about their total number of
customers,
they have insured 4 crore customers.   The
claim process when it comes to reimbursement is
very easy.  Completely
hustle free.  All the documents are uploaded on the IL Care app
and the
claim is settled.  Now let's talk about the USP of ICC Lambar.
So this plan was launched
and the name of this plan was
Infinite.  Because
he gave everything infinite in it.  Infinite
reset means unlimited restoration for the same
person.  Earlier there was a drawback
in this plan that for unlimited
restoration for the same person, same illness,
you had to wait for a gap of 40 days,
which was later
removed, that is, unlimited
restoration for the same person, same illness can be availed from day one.
Infinite claim amount:
We call this infinite care.  There is an add
on cover.  You can add it once in your lifetime and
claim any amount of unlimited funds.  The
option of Infinite Sum Assured i.e. Unlimited Sum Assured
is available in this plan.  It was the first
plan which came up with a policy for unlimited time assured.  There
is an infinite loyalty bonus inside it which we call
power booster.  Power Booster says that
whatever time you have chosen will keep
increasing 100% throughout your life.
Even if there is a claim or even if there is no claim.  There is world
wide coverage here which you will
get with add on.  Choose if you want.  If you feel that it is
your requirement then choose it, otherwise do
n't.  Second thing,
you will get infinite assurance in this plan.
Infinite assurance means that
if you have some diseases like BP,
sugar, obesity, COPD i.e. asthma,
then you will add an add-on called Jump Start.
Pay a little
extra premium and you will get cover for these diseases from the 31st day.
Inpatient treatment is covered here.   That
means all the expenses incurred when going to the hospital are
expenses.  Organ donor
expenses are covered.  AYUSH treatment is included
in all policies.  This also has up to some
assured cover.  All day care
procedures are covered under this policy.
Whatever modern treatments there are,
whatever robotic surgeries there are, there is no sub-
limit, no capping in this plan.  There are
expenses before going to the hospital and
expenses after coming back from the hospital.
Expenses incurred 90 days before and 180 days after
are covered under this policy.  And another
special thing which was added later is that you get 2 hours
of hospitalization under this plan.
Domestic road ambulance
is covered under this policy.  There is an inbuilt cover.  There is
no need to take any kind of add on.  As well as the
basic cover, it has some special things in it.  There are
some unique things like surrogacy
and oocyte cover that you get.  Surrogacy,
as you know, is done by using someone else's womb. There
is a limit of ₹5 lakh for child birth and the procedure for oocyte is a little
different that the
fertilized egg is fertilized inside the other's womb
and then that egg is
transplanted
inside the womb of the original mother. Along with this,
bariatric surgery is also covered in this. There are some
conditions, after applying those conditions, there
is a wellness program in this plan,
as I told you, robotic surgeries, well
and all the advanced treatments are
covered in this plan.  Now let us see
what will be the eligibility
criteria for you if you enroll in this plan.  Suppose you are
above 18 years of age and are of any age,
then you can enroll in this plan.  There is
no limit on maximum entry in this plan.  If you choose the time then the
minimum is ₹5 lakh.  You
can take maximum unlimited time.  You will see all the remaining options
on my screen.
Policy Tenure 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5
years Pay premium for 5 years together, avail
discount and get free for 5 years
One year option is also available
Family Size If you are husband and wife
and have three children, then they can be covered
Your dependent child can
remain in this policy for 30 years
after turning 31 years old or if he/she gets married before
then we will split this policy, after splitting it,
its policy is issued as a separate one.
Apart from that, let us
see what the addons say inside this plan
?  As I told you it is a power
booster.  Your time savings will keep
increasing throughout your life.  There is a jump start.  You can take BP
sugar, diabetes, hypertension
and your obesity, COPD, asthma
from 31st day.  If you take the claim protector, then
all your consumables
, consumable items in the list will be
covered in the policy.
If you take inflation protector, your sum assured will increase every year according to the CPI,
which is the inflation rate decided by the government.  There
is maternity benefit in this.  Comes with add ons.   The
premium will increase but you can get 10%
of the sum assured and a maximum maternity benefit of ₹1 lakh.
After 2 years the
waiting period will be 2 years.
They have added domestic air ambulance here
and it is right too.  Why would you
pay for an inbuilt but unnecessary domestic air ambulance
?  It is possible that you
live in such a territory or at such a location where there is
no helipad or where there is no facility of
air ambulance, then
do not take this add-on here, you
can get its discount by removing it.  There is a dependent
accommodation benefit.  If a dependent
is admitted for more than 3 days and
maximum 10 days, then dependent accommodation benefit of ₹1000 per day can be
availed.   There
is a cover for newborn baby which is an addon.
You will get maternity cover for 90 days. If
you have taken maternity cover, then nursing at home
facility is available.
Durable medical equipment covers
with add-ons are very expensive.  There are crutches, there are
wheelchairs.  They are very costly.
So by taking addon you
can add it to your policy.  Personalized add-ons
are also included in this plan.  Like you
can get vaccination for new born baby
with add on.  Health checkup is an add
on here.  You can get a health checkup by paying a small premium.  The
maximum limit will be
₹5,000 at 5% but you will
not get reimbursement of ₹5,000.  You have to
take it cashless only.  You have to book by going to IL Care app.
You will get a package as per your sum assured and it will be
covered in your home visit.
OPD cover is included in this plan as an
add-on and along with OPD there are
many other benefits as well.
Its limit is ₹5,000.  But
you can take unlimited online OPD.  You
can take unlimited online consultation.  Wellness
Mental Wellness Benefit
You can take unlimited sessions online.  With add on cover.
Teleconsultation is also an add-on here.  If
you feel you need teleconsultation, then you should take it.
And teleconsultation
is a nice add on.  If the premium is not too high
then it should be taken
because we may need it at any time in any emergency.  There
is a capping on room rent here which is very cruel
but there is a capping on single private AC room.
But the company has given you options.
You can upgrade it and choose any room category
or downgrade it and take a twin sharing
room.
I would never recommend you for twin sharing room.
But at least keep a single private
AC room.  If you do not want to reduce the premium
then you can take any room category.  There
is an option here to
reduce the waiting period for maternity.
You can do it for one year.  There are specific diseases.
Some diseases like hernia, piles, cataract,
stone, knee hip joint replacement,
prostate, hysterectomy, diabetes
between 15 to 18 are
called specific diseases.  Available in
every policy with a waiting period of two years.
Here you can reduce it to
one year.  There
is a convalescence benefit.  If your hospitalization is for 10
days or more, then
you get a lump sum convalescence benefit of ₹000
with add-on cover.  There
is an option for payment to voluntary.  There is an add on.  If you want to
reduce the premium then take it.
Co-payment can be taken from 10%, 20% to 50%.
Critical illness is an add on.
Cover for 20 critical illnesses can be availed with add-ons.
Now let's talk about some discounts of this plan.
What are the discounts in this?  There is a wellness discount of up
to 30% and there is an early
renewal discount in it.  If you renew your policy 30 days in advance, you will
get an instant discount of 2.5%.  And one of
these is credit score discount.  If
your civil score is very good.  If your premium is Rs 800 plus,
you will get 15% discount on premium instantly
and every year.  As long as
your credit score is maintained.  Long
term premium discount is available
in all policies.
I have already told you the entry age here.
I have already told you something assured.
Now let's talk a little about the waiting period.
So here the initial waiting
period, which is there in all the policies, is
of 30 days and it is of 30 days everywhere.  The
waiting period for PED i.e.
pre-existing disease is
36 months.  By taking Jump Start,
you can get some diseases covered from 31 days.
Look at that on my screen.   The
waiting period for specific diseases is
only 24 months.  Can be reduced.
Here the waiting period for critical illness is
very important.  It is only
90 days old.  There should be no PED.   There are
many critical illnesses which have a
waiting period of two years.
But here the waiting period is only 90 days.
Bariatric surgery will
be covered after 24 months and hypertension,
cardiac disease or diabetes, which are
not pre-existing conditions, will be covered only after 90 days.  The
waiting period for maternity
is 24 months and for worldwide cover, i.e.
if you want to take cover outside India, then there will be a
waiting period of 24 months.
Now look boss, all the
policies have zone based
pricing.  The
premium varies depending on the zone because
the probability of risk is higher and the
hospitals there are also expensive.
So here Zone A, Zone B, Zone C and
Zone D have been kept.  Zone D consists of the rest
of NCR.  Alwar Bagpat are many cities
which you are seeing on my screen.
In Zone One you have Delhi, NCR, Haryana
and many other cities.  In Zone B you will
find Pune, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Chennai, Puducherry and Telangana.  And if I talk about Zone C, then
there you will find Kerala,
Lakshadweep, Ladakh, Jammu and Kashmir,
Himachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Mizoram.
This plan has an IL
Care app, if you download it,
you can view the entire policy on your IL Care app.  If
you want to make any
changes there, you can make those changes also.  You
can file a claim.  If you want to get an annual health
checkup done,
you can also do it with the IL Care app.  So
this was the complete policy of ICICI LBD's Elevate
Plan which was launched in 2024 and
sells well even today.  There is a name
inside this plan.  Now let us see
what the premiums of this plan say.  So [ __ ]
now the time has come to complete this video
and as always I
complete the video with their premium.
Premiums are important because the most important thing
we need to consider is whether the health
insurance plan we are purchasing
fits within our budget or not.  It
suits the pocket or it doesn't.
So here I have analyzed its premium on two-three ages.  Let us
check
what will be the premium if someone's age is between 36 to 40?  So, at the
age of 40, we have taken the premium of Zone One.
Here, we have
a cover of ₹25 lakh for Delhi NCR or all the cities that come under Zone One, in which room modifier
i.e. any room category has been added,
power booster which is necessary for this plan
because that is the beauty of this plan.
If we do not take the power booster then this
plan will again remain a simple and ordinary plan.
We have taken Power Booster in this, have
also added Room Modifier and Claim Protector,
where there is consumable rider then the
premium will be ₹38661,
so comparatively the premium matches all other
plans because it has a
lot of features as well, if we
take it here at the age of 46 years, everything will remain the same, from
adult to child, Delhi NCR Zone 1, if we have added the same
add ons then the
premium will be ₹4500087, if
we change the slab one more and come to 51 then the same
premium will be ₹58,791,
so overall the plan is very good.   The
fundamentals of the insurance company are
very strong.  Complaints are very few.
The features are unmatched.  Such features are generally
not available in policies.  And the
most important thing is that you are getting a trusted
insurance company.
Whatever questions you have related to this plan, related to this company, you
can ask me in my comment box.  I will meet you
in my next video.  Till then Jai Hind, Jai